add databricks url oauth callout (#9619)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/manage-access/set-up-databricks-oauth.md

#### Redirect URLs by region

Use the redirect URLs that correspond to your dbt account region when configuring Databricks OAuth.

<!-- we'll want to remove this callout sometime in 2027 -->
:::info

> As part of the account-specific URL migration, some customers may need to update OAuth redirect URLs and other integration settings. Existing getdbt.com region URLs continue to support integrations according to the migration timeline, unless otherwise specified. For migration timing and account-specific URL guidance, refer to the [account URL migration documentation](/docs/platform/about-platform/account-url-migration).

Author: ```suggestion
As part of the account-specific URL migration, some customers should update OAuth redirect URLs and other integration settings. Existing getdbt.com region URLs continue to support integrations until November 1st, 2026, unless otherwise specified. For more migration timing and account-specific URL guidance, refer to the [account URL migration documentation](/docs/platform/about-platform/account-url-migration).
```

> :::

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

The wording “some customers may need to update” might undersell the required action. The [account URL migration](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/platform/about-platform/account-url-migration) doc says:

"Accounts across all regions and service providers are being assigned new access URLs. getdbt.com region URLs will continue to support integrations until the scheduled deprecation date…"

And the integration checklist lists Databricks OAuth as requiring: “Update Redirect URLs or add a new Connection; update dbt connection.”

Maybe tighten the callout so it states that existing region URLs remain valid until 1 Nov 2026, and that admins should update redirect URLs (or add a new connection) before then — with the link to the migration doc for details?

Author: good shout!
